web_chatter_position/README.rst, before:

================
Chatter Position
================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:37fa43641cb746a03b8cb4f0492784abb34e5b511d0d318013dcee341b792da4
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fweb-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/17.0/web_chatter_position
    :alt: OCA/web
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/web-17-0/web-17-0-web_chatter_position
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/web&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Configurable chatter position from the user preferences.

Supports Both Community & Enterprise Edition.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

#. There's a **Chatter Position** option in **User Preferences**, where
you can choose between ``auto``, ``bottom`` and ``sided``.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_chatter_position%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Hynsys Technologies
* Camptocamp
* Alitec Pte Ltd

Contributors
------------

- Hynsys Technologies <hynsystechnologies@gmail.com>
- Juan Miguel Sánchez Arce <juan.sanchez@camptocamp.com>
- `Camptocamp <https://www.camptocamp.com>`__

  - Iván Todorovich <ivan.todorovich@camptocamp.com>

- `Alitec Pte Ltd <http://www.alitec.sg>`__

  - Jay Patel <jay@alitec.sg>

- Trobz

  - Tris Doan <tridm@trobz.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-trisdoan| image:: https://github.com/trisdoan.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/trisdoan
    :alt: trisdoan

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-trisdoan| 

This module is part of the `OCA/web <https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/17.0/web_chatter_position>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[17.0][MIG] Integration of form full width functionnality to this module base on that PR https://github.com/OCA/web/pull/3183

web_chatter_position/README.rst, after:

================
Chatter Position
================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:37fa43641cb746a03b8cb4f0492784abb34e5b511d0d318013dcee341b792da4
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fweb-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/17.0/web_chatter_position
    :alt: OCA/web
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/web-17-0/web-17-0-web_chatter_position
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/web&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Configurable chatter position from the user preferences.

Supports Both Community & Enterprise Edition.

Extends the functionality of the web client to get full width in the
form view sheet.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

#. There's a **Chatter Position** option in **User Preferences**, where
you can choose between ``auto``, ``bottom`` and ``sided``.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/web/issues/new?body=module:%20web_chatter_position%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Hynsys Technologies
* Camptocamp
* Alitec Pte Ltd

Contributors
------------

- Hynsys Technologies <hynsystechnologies@gmail.com>
- Juan Miguel Sánchez Arce <juan.sanchez@camptocamp.com>
- `Camptocamp <https://www.camptocamp.com>`__

  - Iván Todorovich <ivan.todorovich@camptocamp.com>

- `Alitec Pte Ltd <http://www.alitec.sg>`__

  - Jay Patel <jay@alitec.sg>

- Trobz

  - Tris Doan <tridm@trobz.com>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-trisdoan| image:: https://github.com/trisdoan.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/trisdoan
    :alt: trisdoan

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-trisdoan| 

This module is part of the `OCA/web <https://github.com/OCA/web/tree/17.0/web_chatter_position>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
